# Development Update 

> Author: [Kayden Cormier (@kaydonbob03)](mailto:support@kgamesncollectables.com)<br>
> Date: 2024-11-25

## Store Page

I know this site isnt even live yet so this probably wont be seen for a little bit, But as I was thinking last night, I realized that even though this is a static site and temporary, I should still try to make it as functional as possible.

So I decided to add a small store page, it is only going to have a simple layout using Square's payment link (and button embeds) to at least allow for people to purchase individual items.

The only downside to this is that it will only allow for one item at a time to be purchased, so if someone wants to buy multiple items they will have to do so separately or contact me and I will happily assist them and create an invoice for them.

## Dev Update

I have sorta started devlopment on the big project of making a fully functional ecommerce site for K-Games&Collectables, I still have lots to learn with php and such to make it work, but eventually we will get there.

For now, this site will remain a static site, and will be hosted through github pages, but eventually I will have a more permanent home for K-Games&Collectables.

I have a server environment set up and ready to eventually host the site on a more permanent basis, but it all takes time to learning to make a full-fledged ecommerce site. But im optimistic and will get there eventually.

In other news, I have finished the development of a web app that allows me to manage inventory and prices and such for K-Games&Collectables, is served via a subdomain of this site, and is fully operational, however I will remain the only one with login credentials to said app.

The next project under K-Games&Collectables is to create an API that will allow for the ecommerce site to pull data from the inventory app, and allow for dynamic content on the site. My plans for the API is so that i can revieve my products, current stock levels, and prices, and display them on the site, as well as update them when needed. The API will be aviliable publicly, so that anyone can use it and be able to use it, in something like the pokemon search app i made a while back that I need to update now, which allows cross-refrencing various prices for products so that people can find the best price for a product and/or be able to average out the most accurate price for cards and the like. I may way farther down the line offer other parts of the API to the public, but for now, the product name and price API will be the only one publically available, and it will be free to use, The rest of the API will be used for internal purposes only and will use private keys and such to allow for secure access to the data as well as to prevent unauthorized access to the app. I dont need people to be able to malicously access my databases and mess with my whole business, y'know lol.

Anywho, all the projects for K-Games&Collectables are moving forward, and I am excited to see where it goes. It is a very large project with lots of sub-projects, but I am up for the challenge and will get it done. 

I will keep you all updated as I make more progress with the projects.

Thanks for reading, and stay tuned for more updates!

-Kayden

> Twitter: [@kaydonbob03](https://x.com/kaydonbob03)
> Email: [support@kgamesncollectables.com](mailto:support@kgamesncollectables.com)
> K-GamesMedia Discord: [K-GamesMedia](https://discord.gg/6W4EbSaC6C)
