# First Post

> Author: [Kayden Cormier (@kaydonbob03)](mailto:support@kgamesncollectables.com) <br/>
> Date: 2024-11-15

## Welcome to the new website!

Welcome to the new website! The new static website is just temporary so that the domain actually has a website now.
The site is currently just a static site with a blog/updates system.
I plan to get an actual server setup in the future so that the site can be more dynamic, as well as have the webstore working again.


Of course for now, the store is still availiable on [ebay](https://ebay.kgamesncollectables.com), as well as by contacting me directly. Contact info can be found on the contact page of this website.

Thanks :)

## What's Next?

I am planning on working on a lot of stuff for K-Games&Collectables in the future, and I will be updating this blog with my progress. 
I've been working on an Inventory Management System that will allow me to manage the inventory of the store.
This will allow me to keep track of the inventory of the store, as well as the ability to restock items, sell items, and more. This is critical for the future of the webstore. This is because as i work on the backend of the webstore, I will need a way to manage the inventory of the store so that I can keep track of what items are available and what items are sold, as well as be able to manage prices, stock, suppliers, and more right from my inventory webapp that will be hosted onna subdomain of kgamesncollectables.com. It will only be able to be accessed by me and my staff of course though :P
To be able to do all of this, I will need to learn how to make an API so that i can connect all of the projects ive been working on for K-Games&Collectables all together. Having everything connected, would allow my small business to grow and be successful.

