# Important Update

> Author: [Kayden Cormier (@kaydonbob03)](mailto:support@kgamesncollectables.com)<br>
> Date: 2024-11-25

## Store Update

First off, Happy December 1st! only 24 more days until christmas! This is always an important time of year for families and friends. This is typically also a very important time for mail and orders for people doing last minute shopping sprees for christmas, especially with Cyber Monday coming up tomorrow.

Just one small issue, Canada Post remains on strike, with negotiations being halted as well at the moment. I doubt id get too much business, even if things were working and everything. I dont feel right charging a lot of money for shipping, normally id charge like $1.50 for shipping on singles. The only problem is that, I can only charge that cheap when I can ship with canada post. There is also an oversight ive missed. When using payment links from square, I can only set it to use 1 shipping price for all payment links, I cant have it use the shipping profiles and options I have set in my dashboard, this could be a small problem with offering many different items of various sizes, so I may either rework the store to just be for singles and small products that would typically have similar shipping costs, or I will think of something.

For now, shipping will be set at CA$10.99 becuase the next cheapest shipping is around $9.99 for a small envelope through fedex, or something like that, its a crappy price and stuff. As well as if shipping costs more (or you got charged too much, etc...), I will reach out to you and ask if I can either (a) refund your purchase and invoice you for the proper amount, or (b) I can cancel your purchase. Or hopefully we can come up with some sort of agreement or something. I am always committed to providing the best for my customers

### Dev Update

Anyways, even with all that said, I will be adding more of my products throught square payment links to this store. 

Whenever i finally finish the actual webstore for K-Games&Collectables, all the shipping costs will have its respective options and such, and all will be good, but development takes time lol

I am hoping to have the full webstore up and running before the new year. Hoping to start off 2025 with the webstore, my API and everything else im developing for K-Games&Collectables up and online. It will be great

thanks for reading, and stay tuned for more updates!

-Kayden

> Twitter: [@kaydonbob03](https://x.com/kaydonbob03) \
> Email: [support@kgamesncollectables.com](mailto:support@kgamesncollectables.com) \
> K-GamesMedia Discord: [K-GamesMedia](https://discord.gg/6W4EbSaC6C)