# Important Updates

> Author: [Kayden Cormier (@kaydonbob03)](mailto:support@kgamesncollectables.com)<br>
> Date: 2024-11-25

## Site is now live!

I am happy to announce that the site is now live! But there is still much work to be done. This is only just a static site for now, I am still in the process of developing a fully functional ecommerce site for K-Games&Collectables, I will keep you updated on that in dev updates. For now, This will be the site at https://kgamesncollectables.com, it serves as a temporary home for K-Games&Collectables until the new site is ready. There is a simple store page that allows for the purchase of individual items, but I am still working on adding more items to the store and improving the design. There is a tab menu in the store page that allows you to view different categories of items as well as subcategories to make it easier to navigate.

The only downside to this is that it will only allow for one item at a time to be purchased, so if someone wants to buy multiple items they will have to do so separately or contact me and I will happily assist them and create an invoice for them.However if purchasing multiple items, I do recommend contacting me so I can create the invoice, as well as concatenate the shipping costs, because if you purchase multiple items seperately via the payment links/embed, it will charge you shipping for each item, which is not ideal.

### Page Updates

- Updated the contact page to have a better design and I fixed an issue with recaptcha not working.
- Added a simple store page that allows for the purchase of individual items, but it is still a bit rough around the edges.

### Future Plans

In the upcoming days I will be adding more items to the store and improving the design of the store page. I will also be working on the FAQ and About pages to provide more information about K-Games&Collectables as well as more information about myself. As well as an events page, I'm not sure what my plans are with that page yet, but i'm sure I will come up with something fun *wink*

I am also always in the background working on the new ecommerce site, and other sub-projects that I have planned for K-Games&Collectables.

Thank you for your patience and understanding, and I hope you enjoy the site!

-Kayden

P.S If you have any suggestions for the site, please let me know! I am always looking for ways to improve and I value your input.

> Twitter: [@kaydonbob03](https://x.com/kaydonbob03)
> Email: [support@kgamesncollectables.com](mailto:support@kgamesncollectables.com)
> K-GamesMedia Discord: [K-GamesMedia](https://discord.gg/6W4EbSaC6C)
