# Fun Update & News

> Author: [Kayden Cormier (@kaydonbob03)](mailto:support@kgamesncollectables.com)<br>
> Date: 2025-01-08

## K-Games&Collectables Updates

Hey Everyone! Happy New Year!

Today I want to share some updates with you all!

### Socials

I have been working on getting my brand out to social media and I have been doing a lot of fun things!

- I have been frequently posting on Instagram and Facebook!
- I have also been posting on both my personal Twitter as well as my K-Games&Collectables Twitter about videos I have been making!

### Youtube & TikTok

- I have had a youtube channel forever, but I stopped making content for a few years, and now I want to transition my channel into a channel focused on my hobbies, such as my Pokemon collection, Magic the Gathering, Sports Cards, as well as about my life and my small business!
- I just posted a video the other day about Surging Sparks set and the difficulties of getting a hold of the set
- I am currently editing a video about Dollarama Pokemon and Disney Lorcana "mystery" products, and how they are not usually worth it
- I am also working on making a few shorts that I will post to my youtube channel, as well as my personal Tiktok which will also be transitioned into a channel focused on my hobbies, such as my Pokemon collection, Magic the Gathering, Sports Cards, as well as about my life and my small business!

I am also taking suggestions for what I should do with my channel, I want to mainly do content about pokemon cards and such, but I also still want to make videos about like anything nintendo related or other variety games I play, i want to get back into streaming on twitch as well, so im not sure if i should juste make a seperate channel for the pokemon stuff or what. But in the end, it is all still my interest and hobbies and if it all goes up on one channel, its just stuff I enjoy doing and I want to share with you all!

All the links to my social media are in the footer of this post!

## Store Update

I have been working on getting my hands on more inventory and such. I have gotten in contact with a few suppliers for japenese pokemon products, so I hope to have some of those in stock soon!

Over the next few days, im hoping to put some more singles on the store page, as well as some individual packs of hockey cards, pokemon cards, and other products

Once again, I am also letting you know that the store page on this website is temporary, and I am working on developing a whole ecommerce site for my business, so that I can offer more products and such! The store page on this temporary site, is only for singles and small products, as well as some mystery bags and such. 

If you wish to purchase any large products, or products that are not listed on the store page, please contact me through my email or my social media!

## Personal Update

I was hoping that since I have a job again working part-time and have money again now, and that its my final semester of college, that I would have a decent bit of free time to work on my business as well as stuff like my youtube channel and such. However, school may get a bit more time consuming later on into this semester, as it is my final semester before I graduate. As well as I have now found myself tied up with now helping my friend with being the only people working IT for his father's manufacturing company, so I have been spending a bit of free time helping develop some stuff for them, as well, one of my professors noticed my skills and got me in touch with a local small business owned and operated by a friend of his, so I will also be using some og my free time to help him with some web devlopment and working with what his old dev made for him. I am excited though, because it is going to allow me to expand on my knowledge of web devlopment and databases and such, which will not only help me get better, get a job, but it will also give me real world experience and getting paid to do something i enjoy doing!

I am also excited to see what the future holds for me and my business, I have plans that by the end of the year, I will have the ecommerce site fully up and running and integrated with all my programs for K-Games&Collectables, as well as having a good amount of inventory in stock, and I can start on the bigger things I want to do with my business, like focusing lots of my social media and youtube content on my business and my hobbies, as well as get advertising to gain more customers, and perhaps start to go to some events around Canada and the US to maybe be a vendor at some events! as well as next year, My hope is to have some money saved up, as well as hopefully get some small business grants after I graduate this year, to hopefully within the next few years, My business can be successful online, and I can open up a physical storefront for my business!

I hope you all have a great day, and I hope to see you all on my social media!

-Kayden Cormier
<p></p>
Founder/Sole Proprietor, K-Games&Collectables

> Youtube: [@kaydonbob03](https://www.youtube.com/@kaydonbob03) |
> TikTok: [@kaydonbob03](https://www.tiktok.com/@kaydonbob03) |
> Twitter: [@KGCollectables](https://twitter.com/KGCollectables) |
> Instagram: [@k_games_collectables](https://instagram.com/k_games_collectables) |
> Facebook: [K-Games&Collectables](https://facebook.kgamesncollectables.com)
> Email: [support@kgamesncollectables.com](mailto:support@kgamesncollectables.com) |
> K-GamesMedia Discord: [K-GamesMedia](https://discord.gg/6W4EbSaC6C) |
> Personal Twitter: [@Kaydonbob03](https://twitter.com/kaydonbob03)

<p id="split">~~~</p>